Add AccessKit build instructions. (#11460)
godotengine/godot-docs: engine_details/development/compiling/compiling_for_macos.rst

          :ref:`doc_data_paths_self_contained_mode` by creating a file called
          ``._sc_`` or ``_sc_`` in the ``bin/`` folder.

Compiling with AccessKit support
--------------------------------

AccessKit provides support for screen readers.

By default, Godot is built with dynamically linked AccessKit, you can use it by placing

> ``accesskit.dylib`` alongside the standalone executable or App bundle ``Frameworks`` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Godot is built with dynamically linked AccessKit. You can use it by placing
``accesskit.dylib`` alongside the standalone executable or in the app bundle's ``Frameworks`` folder.
```
